Crusie we had a look at the root dher property.
Now we all have source dear.
Now here we can set the source directory of our next falls throughout the year ahead to include the
node modules folder source year.
So really just means where are all your next folders like components layouts pages.
If you put them into a separate folder like client app then you can just pass that name of the folder
you're directly to source.
However this should be a string not an object.
So you can just passed that name here and now.
Next we'll look into this folder for all the pages folders middleware folders and so on.
So if you want to have a different folder structure and put all these next folders into a subfolder.
This is how you can make next aware of that that transition property is a useful one for setting page
transitions i.e. animations during route changes.
This can be a simple string like page which will then look for certain C S S classes to apply them as
a transition or is a javascript object where you have a name property that could then be page for this.
C is S class.
Look up I'll come back to.
And then also the mode which could be out in to say the old page should be animated out before the new
one comes in and is using the default view Chia's transition settings and features.
Let me show you an example for this I'll go to the esus folder and create a new styles subfolder and
then add a main dot see as follows.
Now I attached some code to this video.
This is the animation code I want to play.
It's taken from the U.K.'s official docs.
This is the code to basically any made elements in and out by changing your past.
Now this is something I will save and now and next can't think of first of all include this ask global
C as s by going to the CSSA array pointing to the exits folder with the told the side at the beginning
and then stalls and then may not see as S..
Now the name is fate because view chase transitions are always structured to have the name and then
different states which are not part of the name.
So Fayed is our name.
With that we can go back to the conflict and set the name to fade here.
To use that animation.
And now if I save this I can go back to my application and reload it and now let's see what happens
if I go to blog.
You'll see it smoothly fades out and the new page fades in.
So this is now the animation we added and you can of course add any animation you want like sliding
effects spinning effects fading effect or no transition at all if you want.
So this is all possible.
If you don't set transition then no transition will be applied.
Now that's it for the main conflict I want to walk you through.
Again check out the last lecture in this module to find links to detail conflict settings.
There are also some things will dive in later in this course still but for now let's move on to two
things.
We also saw in this fall plug ins and modules and let's find out what's up with these.